**How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It helped by quickly comparing key areas that have a difference between them,
    to reduce the amount of time needed to manually check through every single
    line of code. This way it reduces the possible areas of error/difference from an entire
    file, to just the specific lines that contain the error/difference.


**How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    It can help by allowing you to quickly jump back to an older version of your
    file that may have features, that work better than your current version. 
    Maybe you also just decided that the updated version of your file isn't 
    needed & then you can just simply jump back to the previous version.


**What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

    Pros - This gives you the most flexibility & ensures that the commits you do, 
    are logical & don't just end up in a file that contains a half-finished line 
    of code.

    Cons - You need to remember to commit your work. If you carry on working on
    the project & it's been a long time since you last committed, it'll get a lot
    more challenging to find any bugs that could arise.


**Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because with Git you do version control with mostly code-related files,
    which can be dependent on each other most of the time. Therefore you
    need to make sure that you can keep track of all the related files & 
    keep them updated together.
    You normally wouldn't back up code on Google Docs, hence why they wouldn't 
    need a feature like that.


**How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log - This provides the entire history of commits that have been applied 
    to the files in your chosen folder.

    git diff - This shows any lines have been added & removed between 2 different commits.
    This also allows you to spot what changes have been made specifically.


**How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

    It will allow me to easily jump back to a previous version of the project 
    that I've committed, allowing me to easily rectify any errors without the 
    need to go through every line one by one.


**Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I will try using Git in my next project, so that I can become more confident 
    to make bigger changes to a file without having to worry about breaking the 
    file.